# HY2RES Digital Twin



## Output file

When finalizing the execution, the digial twin generates a .csv file with the obtained estimations, with the following colums:
* datetime (datetime): Timestamp of the measurements, in "yyyy-MM-dd hh:mm:ss" format. 
* Temperature: Environmental temperature [ºC].
* Breaks (string): Indicates the starting ("OPEN") and end ("CLOSE") of a period of measurements. Intermediate samples should contain empty values.
* P_pan (float): Power generated by the photovoltaic panels [Watts].
* P_viv (float): Power consumed in the dwelling[Watts].
* P_car (float): Estimated Changing battery power [Watts].
* P_des (float): Estimated Discharching battery power [Watts].
* P_exp (float):Estimated Power exported to the grid [Watts].
* P_imp (float): Estimated Power imported from the grid [Watts].
* P_elec (float): Estimated Power consumed by the electrolizer [Watts]
* P_comp (float): Estimated Power consumed by the compressor [Watts].
* P_pur (float): Estimated Power consumed by purifier [Watts].
* P_pila (float): Estimated Power provided by the fuel cell [Watt].
* SOC (float): Estimated state of charge of the battery [%].
* pres_buf(float): Estimated buffer pressure [Bar].
* pres_comp (float): Estimated Tank pressure [Bar].
* pres_pila (float): Estimated Fuel Cell pressure [Bar].
* P_car_pila: Estimated charging battery power from the fuel cell [Watt].
* s_elec (int): Estimated signal from the PLC to the electrolyzer. 1: ON / 0: OFF.
* s_comp (int): Estimated signal from the PLC to the compressor. 1: ON / 0: OFF.
* s_pila (int): Estimated signal from the PLC to the fuel cell. 1: ON / 0: OFF.
* h2_total (float): Estimated Total hydrogen generated by the electrolyzer [NL].
* h2_flow (float): Estimated hydrogen flow generated by the electrolyzer in the period between current sample and the one before [NL/h].
* h2_elec (float): Estimated volume of hydrogen generated by the electrolyzer in the period between current sample and the one before [NL].
* h2b_nl (float): Estimated volume of hydrogen storaged at the buffer [NL].
* h2t_nl: Estimated volume of hydrogen storaged at the tank [NL].
* h2_flow_pila (float): Estimated Hydrogen flow consumed by the fuel cell [NL/h].

An example of output file is located in data folder.


